



hi, i'm quinten laurènce sol (they/them). i'm a second year Music & Technology student at HKU University of the Arts in Utrecht, and i produce, write, record, mix and code.

i'm mainly a songwriter, producer, record engineer and coder, but frankly, i generally just do whatever gives me inspiration, whether it's coding this site, obsessing over tiny details in a mix or finding the best way to cook with tofu.

in my free time i also like to read, philosophize about life stuff, collect vintage records, cook, or just simply drift away in a park.

on the 18th of april i released my debut self-titled mini album indigo chamber, which is immersive, ambient pop music dealing with themes such as love, melancholy, yearning for the past and escapism.

i'm also in a band called Aperture with fellow HKU student Anton Bos and Fedde Doornekamp, where i make silky smooth sailin' yachtrock and easy-listening cocktail party AOR for when you feel like decadently escaping from all your earthly troubles. we're still working on our debut ep, more on that soon...

if you want to know more about my work and what i've made or done, you can go to the portfolio section of my site and check it all out.


current projects: aperture ep, portfolio site, concert film indigo chamber

indigo chamber self titled

released where'd you go

het dorp eigenheid

catlab

poisoned desire






                    hi, i'm quinten laurènce sol. a creative peculiarity habited in rotterdam, the netherlands.
                    <br><br>
                    a jack of all trades, they write, sing, produce, mix, engineer, record and code, with the biggest focus on music production and composition. when they're not obsessing over the details of a mix or creating immersive musical dreamworlds, you can find them reading, philosophizing, collecting records or simply sipping on a nice cup of tea in the park.



                    hi, i'm quinten laurènce sol (they/them). i'm a second year Music & Technology student at HKU University of the Arts in Utrecht, and i produce dreamy, melodic, intimate pop music.
                    <br><br>
                    i'm mainly a songwriter, producer, record engineer and coder, but frankly, i generally just do whatever gives me inspiration, whether it's coding this site, obsessing over tiny details in a mix or finding the <span>best way to cook with tofu.</span>
                    <br><br>   
                    in my free time i also like to read, philosophize about life stuff, collect vintage records, cook, or just simply drift away in a park.
                    <br><br>
                    on the 18th of april i released my debut self-titled mini album indigo chamber, which is dreamy, ambient pop music dealing with themes such as love, melancholy, yearning for the past and escapism.
                    <br><br>
                    i'm also occasionally active in a label called MlemRecords, which is a creative community and 
                    i'm also in a band called Aperture with fellow HKU student Anton Bos and Fedde Doornekamp, where i make silky smooth sailin' yachtrock and easy-listening cocktail party AOR for when you feel like decadently escaping from all your earthly troubles. we're still working on our debut ep, more on that soon...
                    <br><br>
                    if you want to know more about my work and what i've made or done, you can go to the portfolio section of my site and check it all out.



delightful
elevator girl
infinite consciousness
amber eyes
strange feeling
love divine??


ALSOF JE TEGEN JE MEDEMENS PRAAT! :)



wat is echt? wat ontroert je? wat is geen kitsch, maar iets wat dicht bij je hart ligt?
echte, fantastische muziek
nieuw en toch van alle tijden
geen effecten, geen bullshit, gewoon fucking vibes
puur, akoestisch
wat aait de criticus in je hoofd?